[3.5] Introduce unified agent interface documentation (#11826)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/agents/index.md

1. **Register an agent** (connector and model are created automatically).
2. **Execute the agent** using the `input` field.

The unified registration method differs from the regular registration method in the following ways.

| Aspect | Regular registration method | Unified registration method |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Workflow steps** | 1. Register connector<br>2. Register model<br>3. Register agent<br>4. Execute with `question` parameter | 1. Register agent (automatic connector/model creation)<br>2. Execute with flexible `input` field |
| **Configuration complexity** | Manual connector configuration with request bodies, URLs, and parameter mappings | Automatic configuration with built-in validation and defaults |
| **Model setup** | Requires separate model registration before agent creation | Creates model resources automatically during agent registration |

> | **Model reference** | Uses `llm.model_id` to reference pre-registered models | Uses `model` block with provider credentials and configuration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Model reference** | Uses `llm.model_id` to reference preregistered models | Uses `model` block with provider credentials and configuration |
```
